hello and welcome to another session of
Yasin's cookery show today I want to
show you how to make rotis so we're
going to begin by adding only water to a
pound of wholemeal flour and then stir
the mixture together add a pinch of salt
and then knead the dough if the dough
feels dry add some water and finally add
some oil ok the door is now smooth and
elastic and is ready to be rolled out so
I'm not going to make small balls
so we'll take a bit of dog this squeeze
it in my hands and then just roll it out
into a smooth ball like this I'm going
to dip the piece of dough into some
flour and then place it on the Chokey so
you start rolling it out and you must
make sure you roll it out evenly on all
sides and form a nice circle okay once
the roti is 6 inches wide and 2
millimeters thick we're now going to add
the roti onto the hot pan
you will begin to see brown specks
appearing on the other side of the roti
so I turn this over like this not yet
like chance for you
ok so I'll turn it over now and you can
see the brown specks I'm going to set up
logon and
we'll turn walk around it's going to be
a hot pan because otherwise the water
would rise you'll see in a bit okay
number of turns over so you see those
brown specks now just will push down the
sides you can see the water rising me to
do that that that is almost coaching
right so that is done look at that risen
beautifully guys a freshly cooked roti
look at that and that can be put into
the plane like this and the reason why
it rose so so much was because earlier I
did a good job in kneading the dough my
goodness smells delicious another I've
shown you how easy it is to make I'm
sure you give this a try to you thank
you